{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1044{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang20 VAR gathered_all_info = false\par
VAR how_many_you_talked_to = 0 \par
VAR done_gnome = false\par
\par
VAR gold = 200\par
VAR ally_race = "Dwarf"\par
\par
VAR player_weapon = "axe"\par
VAR player_gear = "leather"\par
\par
VAR ally_name  = "Aelinor"\par
VAR ally_sex = "her"\par
VAR agility = 0\par
VAR strength = 0\par
\par
VAR forest_clue = true\par
VAR inventory = 0\par
\par
\par
INCLUDE your_room.ink\par
INCLUDE the_inn.ink\par
INCLUDE the_town.ink\par
INCLUDE the _outskirts.ink\par
INCLUDE the_path.ink\par
INCLUDE the_village.ink\par
INCLUDE the_battle.ink\par
INCLUDE endings.ink\par
\par
-> END\par
\par
// stats at the end of the game, who you talked to. array? possible. list maybe.\par
// list of NPCs list of inventory items etc, equipment \par
--------------------------------------\par
== the_battle\par
    dsada\par
-> desc_monster\par
\par
== desc_monster \par
In front of you stood a wierd creature. It became instantly clear to you why the reward was so unusually high. You had never seen a more threatening monster. It was hideous, large and with claw-like hands. Around its feet lay several dead goats, with claw marks on their sides. The remnants of its breakfast, no doubt. \par
* [Next] -> monster_1\par
\par
== monster_1\par
Both you and \{ally_name\} stood and stared for a second before regaining your senses.  \par
"It's large, and sluggish lets attack one leg each." \par
"1..\par
2..\par
3.. \par
"Now!", you shouted. \par
* [Next] -> fight_start\par
\par
== fight_start\par
* [Attack one leg each] \par
\{ \par
    - ally_race == "Dwarf":\par
        The dwarf lunged at the beast. Axe in hand, striking repeatedly at the beast legs. \par
        You attacked the other leg. \par
    - else: \par
        The elf lunged at the beast. Axe in hand, striking repeatedly at the beast legs. \par
\}\par
\par
-> fight_mid\par
\par
* [Attack the same leg] \par
\par
-> fight_mid\par
* [Distract it] \par
    You distract the monster while. \{ally_name\} shoots arrows at it until it dies. \par
-> fight_mid\par
* [Attack from distance] \par
    \par
-> fight_mid\par
\par
\par
== fight_mid\par
\par
->fight_end\par
\par
==fight_end\par
\par
->END\par
\par
decide tactic here\par
distraction\par
attack from distance \par
the npc is supposed to help. situations where it can help\par
mosnter traits that make it possible to create situations for chocie\par
\par
"the monster has been terrorizing the villager stealing goats, and is considered a threat to the local wildlife, and must therefore be dispatched of."\par
\par
\par
\par
war blocaked, etc \par
norse dungeons skyrim\par
\par
monster stats: \par
low intelligence\par
high strength \par
sluggish, slow \par
attack = \par
defense =\par
no magic \par
\par
\par
the gnome told you  \par
\par
the dwarfs expert \par
falls info, they choose \par
\par
the name was: \par
\par
choose tactic: depends on weapon you have and if elf or dwarf? \par
attack one leg each\par
\par
\par
\par
ask about the monster earlier \par
knowing this will let you predict attacks  \par
\par
\par
mid fight: \par
if potion, use potion \par
\par
\par
diplsay info in text, puzzle, choose the correct one? \par
attack \par
run away\par
\par
the feeling right before the fight - how does your partner act?\par
desc the monster \par
different weapons means different battles dagger_battle sword_tactic\par
\par
if() ally race is this do this battle \par
if ally race is this do the other one \par
\par
\par
when desc your actions use right weapon - you swing you \{player_weapon\}\par
rapid fire boss fight? select what to attack etc? swing sword or block? like in a pattern?\par
shield\par
cant parry with an axe \par
fight tactis with weapon\par
questions - mystery of the world\par
repeating content - loops for more, easy, gameplay\par
write "standard sections"/answers \par
\par
\par
---------------------------\par
\par
== the_inn \par
CHAPTER 1 - THE INN \par
\par
You look around, taking in the sights of the room. It is a typical inn. It is filled with people. \par
\par
The inn is bustling with noise and movemement. Some people where sitting quitly, looking tired, having their breakfast. Others where merrily playing cards or talking to each other. A chatty bunch of dwarfs where sitting at a table close to you. In the corner across the room a solitary hooded figure sipped on a mug. The innkeeper, behind his table, where cleaning a similar looking mug. The meek looking girl was serving a gnome sitting by himself.  \par
-> INFO\par
\par
== INFO\par
Before you left the inn on your way to look for the beast you figured that you better ask around for some information. It never hurt to gather information first. Besides, you need to figure out the location of the beast, the contract did not mention this. Perhaps someone in the inn would know. \par
-> TALK_TO_NPCs\par
\par
== TALK_TO_NPCs\par
// mute, silent - write the personality of the npc \par
+ [Talk to shady figure in the corner] \par
\par
    You motion to sit down. He nods in confirmation.\par
    ++ [Have you seen this? Show poster.]\par
        You show him the poster. He shakes his head.\par
    ++ [Ask about him]\par
        How do you do? you ask. He remains silent.\par
    --\par
 -> END     \par
\par
     // defiently need back buttons. otherwise the last line disapear immidatly? no it get displayed, but \par
     //optns get back\par
\par
\par
\par
    // LOOP IS THE ANSWER  \par
    // write more \par
\par
\par
    // inventory \par
    // more fancy writing, like cheeky \par
\par
\par
+ \{ not done_gnome\} [Talk to solitary gnome]\par
    You approach the gnome and introduce yourself.\par
    ** [Have you seen this? Show poster.]\par
        Yes. The monster. He's just past the forest, not far from the silver mine.  \par
        *** How do I get there?\par
            Go through the forest, it is the fastest way. \par
            ~ gathered_all_info = true\par
            ~ done_gnome = true \par
    // move back with not divert, talking to gnome disapear?\par
    // * * ds \par
    \par
    // i want to go back to prev options, not all the wat to start, so i guess gather is correct? need back button? \par
    // or is knots the way? \par
    \par
-> TALK_TO_NPCs\par
\par
\par
+ [Talk to the mug cleaning innkeeper]\par
    whats new in town?\par
    Forst is faster, but \par
    Stick to the road. bandits in the forest \par
-> END \par
\par
\par
+ [Sit down and call the waitress over] you ask soemthing  \par
    You sit down and talk to \par
-> END \par
    \par
    \par
+ [Talk to chatty table of merry dwarfs] \par
    the meryr becauyse drinkign despite this time of day \par
    one oif them getting married, they found some \par
    can i sit donw?\par
-> END\par
\par
\par
+ \{ gathered_all_info \} [Exit the inn] \par
    You think you have enough information now. You could continue to talk to the people in the inn, or you could head outside.\par
-> outside\par
\par
\par
\par
== outside ==\par
Your partner..\par
\par
* an elf with a bow on her back \par
    ~ ally_name = "Aelinor"\par
    ~ ally_race = "Elf" \par
    ~ ally_sex = "her"\par
* an axe wielding dwarf\par
    ~ ally_name = "Bangrim"\par
    ~ ally_race = "Dwarf" \par
    ~ ally_sex = "his"\par
-\par
\par
was waiting for you. You knew you couldn't defeat the monster on your own, so last night you had partnered with the \{ally_race\}. Agreeing to split the reward. \par
\par
Your partner looked away from \{ally_sex\} conversation as you approached, and looked at you. \par
"Ready to leave?" \{ally_sex\} inquired.\par
\par
-> town_description\par
\par
\par
Ask about him - different questions - choice to question about thier background?\par
    you never told me where you are from\par
    ask for name \par
    why did you choose to join me? \par
    Ready  init next chapter, the town \par
\par
\par
is there a way to mark an option as something as mandatory? \par
move on  - loop until all options exausted or you have the infromation - loop - just decide to move on? \par
talking to npcs for information - the information you get, depending on who you talk to, if you talk to not all changes how the path unfolds - what informationm you can go by, if something appears or not\par
# clear and then new chapter? \par
make the player talk to an elf and dwarf in the inn? \par
\par
-----------------------------------------\par
-> your_room_1\par
\par
== your_room_1\par
You wake up. Next to the bed, on the night stand, lies a piece of parchement. You pick it up and read it, like you have so many times before. It reads: \par
* [Next] -> your_room_2 \par
\par
== your_room_2\par
"The King herby offers the reward of 200 gold for the head of the beast know as 'Shadowfang'. Bring the head of the beast to the Guard. Head must be in condition to identify by."\par
* [Next]  -> your_room_3 \par
\par
== your_room_3\par
You fold the parchment back and stand up. Despite the words, you know this declaration, although simple, means more to you than the 200 gold. It offers you a chance to restore you honor, and your reputation. And for this reason, successfully slaying the beast matters more to you than some earthly gold.  \par
* [Next] -> weapon_choices \par
\par
== weapon_choices\par
You can hear the merry talk of the inn below you. You dress yourself. Before you head downstair you also grab your:  \par
* [Axe]\par
    ~ player_weapon = "axe" \par
    Dressed, and with your \{player_weapon\} equipped, you..\par
    * * ..head downstairs \par
    -> desc_monster \par
\par
* [Sword] \par
    ~ player_weapon = "sword" \par
    Dressed, and with your \{player_weapon\} equipped, you..\par
   * * ..head downstairs \par
   -> the_inn \par
* [Polearm] \par
    ~ player_weapon = "polearm" \par
    Dressed, and with your \{player_weapon\} equipped, you.. \par
    * * ..head downstairs \par
    -> the_inn \par
* [Dagger]\par
    ~ player_weapon = "dagger" \par
    Dressed, and with your \{player_weapon\} equipped, you.. \par
    * * ..head downstairs\par
    -> the_inn\par
\par
// clear here? so fresh start on "the inn"?\par
// go for next? so that you can better control text amount? \par
// remove text align center on options \par
// can create the variable now, then dont have to replace value \par
// one option = next/progress story\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
you have a burning desire\par
you stayed here after arriving last night?\par
make it feel like what yoyu choose will determine the end? \par
during battle, read the variable to decide the pronoun and the battle tactics? \par
weapons are for battle, therefore fits in the battle tactics section \par
the importance of making choices ambiguous - all attractive to some \par
the choice shouldnt be leading. should be about the players actual preference.\par
dont need to explain why its important to you? just make sure it is \par
restore ytour honor and reputation - these contract means more to you than the gold, you know this. \par
when choosing go into mem/variable, not branching\par
impress the importance of the journey to the player. "you have to do this"\par
\par
npcs informs you of this?\par
forest or road - faster safer - give good reasosn for both, argue well for both, makes it hard\par
to - make good, retional case for both. make you reall \par
\par
not important to make player take a stand on issues \par
it more fun when they just choose cool things \par
"intervene?" \par
\par
write about something you know\par
easier to fall back to something \par
read withcer books for language tips\par
humor\par
myself passionate and angry\par
this format/standard rpg tasks and choices makes it more applicalbe to rpghs? generalizxale valid\par
iterate - rewrite\par
keep it simple, add detail later \par
dividing is the key to clearity and order \par
they can't decide my life how much they try. only I can. \par
mystery. make squest clear, but have some qustions open? make the player wonder?\par
\par
\par
talk about the design. you are mixd\par
more about the design, then the coding since mixd - different prototype versons?\par
\par
make choices hard \par
make choices represent player personality/preference\par
\par
fun = \par
picking up items, getting stronger, getting answers to questions\par
\par
they call me samael\par
personality, character - "he rapped out"\par
\par
choose who to talk to \par
choose how to get there - path  \par
choose the order of things \par
choose which class to be \par
choose the gear and weapon, preference basically, class/plkaystlye preference\par
other rpg choices you would make \par
\par
the dwarf theme is something they are familiar with \par
\par
\par
third wall\par
humor\par
varied language\par
\par
\par
\par
THE TOWN OF Vir Doruhl, year 1202 \par
following trail with the clues you got .. you choose who to talk to, you choose who to ally, you choose which weapong and armor to pick up (aka class). feks "you put on the leather, after all, its best to be agile." you choose to buy items. you choose to talk to ppl whhich makes you notice things later. you choose who to side with in the on going conflict in the city: \par
\par
kings visiting? \par
-----------------------------------\par
fields, farmers like outside withcer town \par
\par
DESC \par
The quiteness hits you. In front of you, stretching far and wide, is farmers fields. \par
\par
\par
CHOICE - conditional choices/list\par
take the road\par
go through the forest \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
depending on what npcs have said - the list is different. if didnt talk to one of them, the "forest" choice is \par
not there or is. \par
\par
investigate a trail\par
\par
each witcher quest can be a mini story with new characters etc. and gameplay/sotry elemetns. but it needs more importance.\par
\par
repeating content creates more gameplay.\par
several playthroughs.\par
\par
more braches - choose your own adventure\par
shortere scaene setting\par
shorter branches - weaves\par
more selecting paths \par
\par
variables...\par
npc\par
\par
\par
\par
develop several layers deep in the npc dialogs - give option hoiw to answer\par
and what to ask \par
looping? \par
-------------------------------------\par
== ending_1\par
You return to town and collect your reward.  \par
-> END\par
------------------------------------------\par
== the_path \par
    * \{forest_clue\} Go through the forest -> forest_path \par
    * Take the road -> road_path\par
\par
== road_path\par
    You take the safe road and arrive without problems at the village near the place.  \par
-> the_village \par
\par
== forest_path\par
    You take the path through the forest.\par
    You meet an ambush.\par
        * Flee\par
            You run away successfully, but sustain minor injuries.\par
        * Fight\par
            You stand your ground and fight. You win, but not without major injuries. \par
        -\par
    You move on, towards the village where the monster was last seen.\par
-> the_village\par
\par
.--------------------------------------\par
== the_village\par
You arrive at the quaint little village. You talk to a villager. An elderly man. You ask about the monster in the contract. The elder man points towards the west. \par
It's late, the sun is setting. \par
"Should we stay and rest until the morning, or go now in the dark?" \{ally_name\} asks you.\par
    * Move on -> the_battle\par
    * Stay and Rest \par
        The next morning Your party of two set foot towards the west. \par
-> the_battle\par
\par
\par
go east, go west, go back \par
you are a mercenery. thats what you do. protect people. \par
--------------------------------------------------\par
\par
== town_description  \par
As you where making your way through the town towards the gate, you looked around. \par
The town of Vir Doruhl was an ancient dwarf town that was situated up against a mountain wall, where the dwarfs had been mining for centuries, and was indeed the original reasons for its construction. Most of the buildings near the mountain wall was made of stone, but the building further away was made of wood.- next? \par
-> END\par
\par
\par
== desc_surroundings\par
You walk through the trade district. On each side there are vendors selling a variety of goods and items. One such vendor at the side of the road, under a makeshift wooden roof, where selling potions. \par
-> vendors\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
== vendors \par
\par
-> END\par
\par
// how to go back and forth to town etc? \par
\par
// loop or back button?\par
// can achive it all with only knots and diverts\par
\par
VENDORS \par
vendor 1\par
"Do you want to buy something?" (you have "var" money) \par
\par
        buy this (10 gold) - might be handy for later \par
        buy a potion (10 gold) - might come in handy later \par
        buy that \par
        leave - save money for something else\par
\par
if buy, remember it for later \par
variable - add to mem\par
\par
vendor 2\par
get your weapong reinforced \par
vendor 3\par
\par
metaphorical journey \par
\par
you know its a trap \par
the way the npc answers your questions about themsvles \par
the way the partner fights with you ... dont make the init chocie about how they fight, just if you like dwarfs over elfs\par
can add npc behaviour in the already created story/journey after\par
\par
\par
EXIT GATE \par
You reach the gate and exit. Leaving the bustle of the town behind. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
roach and roche\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
variable for remebering axe etc \par
if(var == 'axe')\par
lock picking \par
stats? inventory? looping? open world? \par
deal with a trap on the way \par
scene setting, desc tips\par
they play it out in their mind an dnot screen. the choices and actions are the same. \par
\par
choose between 3 vendors? only time for one? \par
buy things -- more move on - more open ended? \par
\par
write the vendors here, what you buy as you are moving towards the gates. \par
you also see and comment on things here, buildings you pass\par
maybe some crimes going down - interrupt? \par
you talk to the dwarf (or elf) about your adventure.\par
\par
--------\par
}
 